My Personal Portfolio Welcome to my personal portfolio, a single-page
application built to showcase my skills, projects, and professional
experience as a full-stack developer.

About the Project This portfolio is a comprehensive single-page
application (SPA) that serves as a digital resume and project showcase.
It is built with a clean, modern design and is fully responsive,
ensuring a great viewing experience on all devices. The project is
structured with separate components and styling for modularity and easy
maintenance.

Key Features Home Page: An introduction to my professional background
and a showcase of my technical skills.

About Page: A detailed overview of my professional journey, expertise,
and personal interests.

Projects Section: An interactive gallery of my major and mini-projects.
Each project is presented with a brief description and a modal popup for
detailed information.

Responsive Design: The entire site is built to adapt to various screen
sizes, from mobile phones to large desktops.

Modern UI/UX: The design utilizes a light theme with soft colors, subtle
shadows, and smooth transitions to provide a clean and engaging user
experience.

Technologies Used The project is built using modern front-end
technologies to deliver a fast and responsive application.

Frontend:

React.js: For building the user interface with a component-based
architecture.

HTML5 & CSS3: For structuring and styling the web pages.

React Router DOM: For handling client-side routing between different
pages (Home, About, Projects).

JavaScript (ES6+): For the application logic and interactive features.

Project Structure The project follows a component-based architecture for
better organization and scalability.

src/ ├── components/ │ ├── pages/ │ │ ├── about/ │ │ ├── homepage/ │ │
└── projects/ │ │ ├── ECommerce.jsx │ │ ├── BloggingPlatform.jsx │ │ ├──
Rms.jsx │ │ ├── Quickbite.jsx │ │ ├── WeatherApp.jsx │ │ └──
Projects.jsx │ ├── Footer.jsx │ ├── Header.jsx │ └── Modal.jsx ├──
App.jsx ├── index.css └── main.jsx

How to Run the Project Locally To set up and run this project on your
local machine, follow these steps:

Clone the repository:

git clone <https://github.com/saisrinivas0001/Project-Under-Process.git>
cd Project-Under-Process

Install dependencies:

npm install

Run the application:

npm run dev

View in browser: Open your web browser and navigate to
http://localhost:5173/ (or the port specified in your terminal).

Deployment This project is deployed using Netlify, providing continuous
deployment from the GitHub repository.

Connect with Me You can find me on the following platforms:

GitHub: saisrinivas0001

LinkedIn: Sai Srinivas Bojanapally

Email: bojanapallysaisrinivas001@gmail.com